Update get-started-partner-integration.md (#7429)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/get-started-partner-integration.md

- [Microsoft Defender for Endpoint Plan 2](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2154037)
- [Microsoft 365 Defender](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2118804)

To become a Defender for Endpoint solution partner, you'll need to follow and complete the following steps.

## Step 1: Subscribe to a Microsoft Defender for Endpoint license

> Want to experience Defender for Endpoint? [Sign up for a free trial.](https://signup.microsoft.com/create-account/signup?products=7f379fee-c4f9-4278-b0a1-e4c8c2fcdf7e&ru=https://aka.ms/MDEp2OpenTrial?ocid=docs-wdatp-exposedapis-abovefoldlink). Subscribing allows you to use a Microsoft Defender for Endpoint tenant with up to 3 devices to developing solutions that integrate with Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to experience Defender for Endpoint? [Sign up for a free trial.](https://signup.microsoft.com/create-account/signup?products=7f379fee-c4f9-4278-b0a1-e4c8c2fcdf7e&ru=https://aka.ms/MDEp2OpenTrial?ocid=docs-wdatp-exposedapis-abovefoldlink). Subscribing allows you to use a Microsoft Defender for Endpoint tenant with up to three devices to developing solutions that integrate with Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.
```

## Step 2: Fulfill the solution validation and certification requirements

The best way for technology partners to certify that their integration works is to have a joint customer approve the suggested integration design (the customer can use the **Recommend a partner** option in the [Partner Application page](https://securitycenter.microsoft.com/interoperability/partners) in the Microsoft Defender Security Center) and have it tested and demoed to the Microsoft Defender for Endpoint team.

Once the Microsoft Defender for Endpoint team has reviewed and approves the integration, we will direct you to be included as a partner at the Microsoft Intelligent Security Association.

## Step 3: Become a MISA member 

> Managed security service providers (MSSP) and independent software vendors (ISV) can be nominated to MISA [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/business/intelligent-security-association) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed security service providers (MSSP) and independent software vendors (ISV) can be nominated to the Microsoft Intelligent Security Association (MISA) [here](https://www.microsoft.com/security/business/intelligent-security-association).
```
